# packages in environment at C:\Users\Chizurum_Olorondu\anaconda3\envs\tf_gpu:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
_tflow_select             2.3.0                       gpu  
absl-py                   0.10.0                   py37_0    anaconda
aiohttp                   3.6.3            py37he774522_0    anaconda
alembic                   1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
anyjson                   0.3.3           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
apache-airflow-providers-ftp 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
apache-airflow-providers-imap 1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
apache-airflow-providers-postgres 1.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite 1.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
apispec                   3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argcomplete               1.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py37he774522_1    anaconda
arrow                     1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
asn1crypto                1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astor                     0.8.1                    py37_0    anaconda
astunparse                1.6.3                      py_0    anaconda
async-timeout             3.0.1                    py37_0    anaconda
async_generator           1.10             py37h28b3542_0    anaconda
attrs                     20.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
autopep8                  1.5.4                      py_0    anaconda
babel                     2.9.1              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0                      py_0    anaconda
bcrypt                    3.2.0            py37hcc03f2d_1    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.9.3              pyhb0f4dca_0    anaconda
bleach                    3.2.1                      py_0    anaconda
blinker                   1.4                      py37_0    anaconda
boto3                     1.24.2           py37haa95532_0    anaconda
botocore                  1.27.2           py37haa95532_0    anaconda
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37he774522_1000    anaconda
ca-certificates           2024.7.2             haa95532_0    anaconda
cached-property           1.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
cachetools                4.1.1                      py_0    anaconda
catboost                  0.24.4           py37h03978a9_0    conda-forge
cattrs                    1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2022.12.7        py37haa95532_0    anaconda
cffi                      1.14.3           py37h7a1dbc1_0    anaconda
chardet                   3.0.4                 py37_1003    anaconda
click                     7.1.2                      py_0    anaconda
clickclick                20.10.2                  pypi_0    pypi
cloudpickle               1.6.0                      py_0    anaconda
cmaes                     0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4                      py_0    anaconda
colorlog                  5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
colour                    0.1.5                      py_0    conda-forge
commonmark                0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
configparser              5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
croniter                  1.0.13                   pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              3.1.1            py37h7a1dbc1_0    anaconda
cudatoolkit               10.1.243             h74a9793_0    anaconda
cudnn                     7.6.5                cuda10.1_0    anaconda
cycler                    0.10.0                   py37_0    anaconda
cytoolz                   0.11.0           py37he774522_0    anaconda
dask-core                 1.1.4                    py37_1    anaconda
databricks-cli            0.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dataclasses               0.7                      py37_0    anaconda
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    anaconda
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    anaconda
dill                      0.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
dnspython                 1.16.0                   py37_0    anaconda
docker-py                 5.0.3            py37h03978a9_2    conda-forge
docker-pycreds            0.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
email-validator           1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
en-core-web-sm            2.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.3                      py37_0    anaconda
et_xmlfile                1.1.0            py37haa95532_0    anaconda
feedparser                6.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.0.12                     py_0    anaconda
flask                     1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
flask-appbuilder          3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-babel               1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-bcrypt              0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-caching             1.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flask-jwt-extended        3.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flask-login               0.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-openid              1.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-wtf                 0.14.3                   pypi_0    pypi
freeglut                  3.0.0                h6538335_5    anaconda
freetype                  2.10.4               hd328e21_0    anaconda
furl                      2.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
fuzzywuzzy                0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
gast                      0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
geographiclib             1.50                       py_0    conda-forge
geoplotlib                0.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
geopy                     2.1.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.27             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gnewsclient               1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               1.22.1                     py_0    anaconda
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.1                      py_2    anaconda
google-pasta              0.2.0                      py_0    anaconda
greenlet                  1.0.0            py37hf2a7229_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.31.0           py37he7da953_0    anaconda
gunicorn                  20.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      2.10.0           py37h5e291fa_0    anaconda
hdf5                      1.10.4               h7ebc959_0    anaconda
html5lib                  1.1                        py_0    anaconda
httpcore                  0.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
icc_rt                    2019.0.0             h0cc432a_1    anaconda
icu                       67.1                 h33f27b4_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10                       py_0    anaconda
imageio                   2.9.0                      py_0    anaconda
imbalanced-learn          0.7.0                      py_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
infinity                  1.4                        py_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2020.2                      254    anaconda
intervals                 0.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.3.4            py37h5ca1d4c_0    anaconda
ipython                   7.18.1           py37h5ca1d4c_0    anaconda
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                    py37_0    anaconda
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_1    anaconda
iso8601                   0.1.14                   pypi_0    pypi
isodate                   0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
iterative-stratification  0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jasper                    2.0.14               hdc05fd1_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py37h03978a9_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2                     py_0    anaconda
jmespath                  0.10.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
joblib                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                      py_2    anaconda
jupyter                   1.0.0                    py37_7    anaconda
jupyter_client            6.1.7                      py_0    anaconda
jupyter_console           6.2.0                      py_0    anaconda
jupyter_core              4.6.3                    py37_0    anaconda
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2                      py_0    anaconda
jupyterthemes             0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
keplergl                  0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
keras                     2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
keras-applications        1.0.8                      py_1    anaconda
keras-preprocessing       1.1.0                      py_1    anaconda
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37h74a9793_0    anaconda
krb5                      1.19.1               hbae68bd_0    conda-forge
lazy-object-proxy         1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lesscpy                   0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
libblas                   3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  10.0.1          default_hf44288c_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.5.0            py37ha0199f4_7    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h2a8f88b_0    anaconda
libpq                     13.3                 hfcc5ef8_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.15.5               h7755175_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h62dcd97_0    anaconda
libtiff                   4.2.0                hc10be44_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                he774522_3    anaconda
libxgboost                0.90                          1    anaconda
lightgbm                  2.3.0            py37ha925a31_0    anaconda
llvmlite                  0.36.0           py37habb0c8c_0    conda-forge
lockfile                  0.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2    conda-forge
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2    conda-forge
mako                      1.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.3.2                    py37_0    anaconda
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37hfa6e2cd_1    anaconda
marshmallow               3.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow-enum          1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow-oneofschema   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow-sqlalchemy    0.23.1                   pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.3.1                         0    anaconda
matplotlib-base           3.3.1            py37hba9282a_0    anaconda
mistune                   0.8.4           py37hfa6e2cd_1001    anaconda
mkl                       2020.4             hb70f87d_311    conda-forge
mlens                     0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
mlflow                    1.28.0           py37hd3201af_0    conda-forge
mlxtend                   0.23.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1    conda-forge
multidict                 4.7.6            py37he774522_1    anaconda
mysql-common              8.0.23               h57928b3_1    conda-forge
mysql-connector-python    8.0.23           py37h1998c4a_1    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.23               hb8c0690_1    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.1                      py_0    anaconda
nbconvert                 6.0.7                    py37_0    anaconda
nbformat                  5.0.8                      py_0    anaconda
nest-asyncio              1.4.1                      py_0    anaconda
networkx                  2.5                        py_0    anaconda
nltk                      3.4.5                    py37_0    anaconda
notebook                  6.1.4                    py37_0    anaconda
numba                     0.53.0           py37h49d82ab_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py37hcbcd69c_2    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.1.0                      py_0    anaconda
olefile                   0.46                     py37_0    anaconda
openapi-schema-validator  0.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
openapi-spec-validator    0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
opencv                    4.5.0            py37h03978a9_7    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.0.10           py37h2bbff1b_0    anaconda
openssl                   1.1.1w               h2bbff1b_0    anaconda
opt_einsum                3.1.0                      py_0    anaconda
optuna                    3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
orderedmultidict          1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4                       py_0    anaconda
pandas                    1.2.1            py37h08fd248_0    conda-forge
pandas-profiling          1.4.1                         0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.11                 h9490d1a_0    anaconda
pandocfilters             1.4.2                    py37_1    anaconda
parso                     0.8.0                      py_0    anaconda
passlib                   1.7.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pendulum                  2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
phonenumbers              8.10.14                    py_0    conda-forge
pickle5                   0.0.12           py37hcc03f2d_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                 py37_1001    anaconda
pillow                    8.0.0            py37hca74424_0    anaconda
pip                       20.2.4                   py37_0    anaconda
plotly                    4.14.3             pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                     pypi_0    pypi
prison                    0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus_client         0.8.0                      py_0    anaconda
prometheus_flask_exporter 0.20.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.8                      py_0    anaconda
prompt_toolkit            3.0.8                         0    anaconda
protobuf                  3.15.5           py37hf2a7229_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
psycopg2                  2.8.6            py37hd8e9650_3    conda-forge
psycopg2-binary           2.8.6                    pypi_0    pypi
py-opencv                 4.5.0            py37heaed05f_7    conda-forge
py-xgboost                0.90                     py37_1    anaconda
pyaml                     20.4.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    anaconda
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                      py_0    anaconda
pycodestyle               2.6.0                      py_0    anaconda
pycparser                 2.20                       py_2    anaconda
pygments                  2.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyjwt                     1.7.1                    py37_0    anaconda
pyodbc                    4.0.30           py37hf2a7229_1    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    anaconda
pyparsing                 2.4.7                      py_0    anaconda
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37h03978a9_7    conda-forge
pyqt-impl                 5.12.3           py37hf2a7229_7    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18          py37hf2a7229_7    conda-forge
pyqtchart                 5.12             py37hf2a7229_7    conda-forge
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1           py37hf2a7229_7    conda-forge
pyreadline                2.1                      py37_1    anaconda
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py37he774522_0    anaconda
pysocks                   1.7.1                    py37_1    anaconda
python                    3.7.9                h60c2a47_0    anaconda
python-daemon             2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-editor             1.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
python-graphviz           0.15                     pypi_0    pypi
python-nvd3               0.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
python-slugify            4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python3-openid            3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytzdata                  2020.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pywavelets                1.1.1            py37he774522_2    anaconda
pywin32                   227              py37he774522_1    anaconda
pywinpty                  0.5.7                    py37_0    anaconda
pyyaml                    6.0              py37hcc03f2d_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.2           py37ha925a31_1    anaconda
qt                        5.12.9               hb2cf2c5_0    conda-forge
qtconsole                 4.7.7                      py_0    anaconda
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    anaconda
querystring_parser        1.2.4                      py_0    conda-forge
regex                     2020.10.15       py37he774522_0    anaconda
requests                  2.24.0                     py_0    anaconda
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0                      py_0    anaconda
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
rfc3986                   1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rgf-python                3.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rich                      10.2.2                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.6                        py_0    anaconda
s3transfer                0.6.0            py37haa95532_0    anaconda
sacremoses                master                     py_0    huggingface
scikit-image              0.17.2           py37h1e1f486_0    anaconda
scikit-learn              0.24.1           py37heb15398_0    conda-forge
scikit-optimize           0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.6.0            py37h6db1a17_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.0                     py_0    anaconda
selenium                  3.141.0         py37hcc03f2d_1002    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                    py37_0    anaconda
setproctitle              1.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                50.3.0           py37h9490d1a_1    anaconda
sgmllib3k                 1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.15.0                     py_0    anaconda
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.0.1                      py_0    anaconda
sqlalchemy                1.3.24                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy-jsonfield      1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy-utils          0.37.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.33.0               h2a8f88b_0    anaconda
sqlparse                  0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
swagger-ui-bundle         0.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.8.9                    pypi_0    pypi
tenacity                  6.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.6.0                      py_0    anaconda
tensorflow                2.3.0           mkl_py37h936c3e2_0  
tensorflow-base           2.3.0           gpu_py37h18d21e4_0  
tensorflow-estimator      2.4.0              pyh9656e83_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-gpu            2.3.0                he13fc11_0  
termcolor                 1.1.0                    py37_1    anaconda
terminado                 0.9.1                    py37_0    anaconda
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    anaconda
text-unidecode            1.3                      pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             2.1.0              pyh5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2020.10.1        py37h8c2d366_2    anaconda
tk                        8.6.10               he774522_0    anaconda
tokenizers                0.10.1                   py37_0    huggingface
toml                      0.10.1                     py_0    anaconda
toolz                     0.11.1                     py_0    anaconda
tornado                   6.0.4            py37he774522_1    anaconda
tqdm                      4.50.2                     py_0    anaconda
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    anaconda
traittypes                0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.4.2                      py_0    huggingface
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    conda-forge
unicodecsv                0.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.25.11                    py_0    anaconda
vc                        14.2                 hb210afc_2    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.28.29325          h5e1d092_0    conda-forge
waitress                  2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5                      py_0    anaconda
webencodings              0.5.1                    py37_1    anaconda
websocket-client          1.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.35.1                     py_0    anaconda
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    anaconda
win_inet_pton             1.1.0                    py37_0    anaconda
wincertstore              0.2                      py37_0    anaconda
winpty                    0.4.3                         4    anaconda
wrapt                     1.12.1           py37he774522_1    anaconda
wtforms                   2.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
xlrd                      2.0.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
xz                        5.2.5                h62dcd97_0    anaconda
yaml                      0.2.5                h8ffe710_2    conda-forge
yapf                      0.30.0                     py_0    anaconda
yarl                      1.6.2            py37he774522_0    anaconda
zeromq                    4.3.2                ha925a31_3    anaconda
zipp                      3.3.1                      py_0    anaconda
zlib                      1.2.11           vc14h1cdd9ab_1  [vc14]  anaconda
zstd                      1.4.9                h6255e5f_0    conda-forge
